Add Refresh API (#6954)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/index-apis/refresh.md

---
layout: default
title: Refresh indexes
parent: Index APIs
nav_order: 61
---

> # Example API 

Author: ```suggestion
# Refresh API 
```

Introduced 1.0
{: .label .label-purple }

The Refresh API refreshes one or more indexes in an OpenSearch cluster. In the case of data streams, the Refresh API will refresh a streams backing indexes. 

> OpenSearch, by default, will refresh indexes every second on indexes that have received one search request or more in the last 30 seconds. To change the default interval, use the `index.refresh_interval` setting in `opensearch.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch, by default, refreshes indexes every second for indexes that have received one or more search request in the last 30 seconds. To change the default interval, use the `index.refresh_interval` setting in `opensearch.yml`.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know a good way to express what's in that diagram as documentation, besides nested if expressions.

Author: @msfroh: I think the diagram doesn't help me necessarily, which doesn't mean we shouldn't include it. Is the above suggestion a good understanding of the refresh behavior?

Reviewer 2: How about:

```
- When set, refreshes occur based on the `index.refresh_interval` (in seconds).
- When not set, refreshes will occur every second until the shard receives no search requests for at least `index.search.idle.after` seconds (default 30). Once a shard goes idle, it will not refresh until the next search request or call to the `_refresh` API. Note that the first search request on an idle shard will wait for the refresh operation to complete.
```

I'm also wondering if the Refresh API is the best place to document these details. 

Maybe it would be better to improve the explanation over at https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings/, and this page could just say:

> OpenSearch, by default, will refresh indexes regularly according to the `index.refresh_interval` and `index.search.idle.after` settings. See the [index settings documentation](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings/) for more details.

Reviewer: I don't think this suggestion was implemented.

To use the Refresh API, you must have write access to the indexes you want to refresh.

## Path and HTTP methods

```json
POST /_refresh
GET /_refresh
POST /<index>/_refresh
GET /<index>/_refresh
```

## Path parameters

The following table lists the available path parameters. All path parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `index` | String | A comma-separated list of wildcard expression of index names you want to refresh. |

## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `ignore_unavailable` | Boolean | When `false`, the request returns an error when it targets a missing or closed index. Default is `false`.

> | `allow_no_indices` | Boolean | When `false`, the Refresh API will return an error when an wildcard expression, index alias, or `_all` targets only closed or missing indexes, even when the request is made against open indexes. Default is `true`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allow_no_indices` | Boolean | When `false`, the Refresh API returns an error when a wildcard expression, index alias, or `_all` targets only closed or missing indexes, even when the request is made against open indexes. Default is `true`. |
```

---
layout: default

> title: Refresh indexes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Refresh index
```

parent: Index APIs
nav_order: 61
---

> # Refresh API 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Refresh index 
```
?

Introduced 1.0
{: .label .label-purple }

> The Refresh API refreshes one or more indexes in an OpenSearch cluster. In the case of data streams, the Refresh API refreshes a stream's backing indexes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The refresh index API refreshes one or more indexes in an OpenSearch cluster. In the case of data streams, the refresh index API refreshes a stream's backing indexes. 
```

> The refresh index API refreshes one or more indexes in an OpenSearch cluster. In the case of data streams, the refresh index API refreshes a stream's backing indexes. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Refresh Index API refreshes one or more indexes in an OpenSearch cluster. In the case of data streams, the Refresh Index API refreshes a stream's backing indexes. 
```

> OpenSearch's refresh behavior depends on whether or not the `index.refresh_interval` is set:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenSearch's refresh behavior depends on whether or not `index.refresh_interval` is set:
```

- When set, refreshes occur based on the `index.refresh_interval` setting (in seconds).

> - When not set, refreshes occur every second until the shard receives no search requests for at least the number set in the `index.search.idle.after` setting (in seconds). Default is 30s. 

Author: ```suggestion
- When not set, refreshes occur every second until the shard receives no search requests for at least the number set in the `index.search.idle.after` setting (in seconds). Default is 30 s. 
```

> 

Reviewer: For more information about `refresh_interval`settings, see [Dynamic index-level index settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings/#dynamic-index-level-index-settings).

> - When set, indexes are refreshed based on the `index.refresh_interval` setting (in seconds). For more information about `index.refresh_interval`settings, see [Dynamic index-level index settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings/#dynamic-index-level-index-settings).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When set, indexes are refreshed based on the `index.refresh_interval` setting (in seconds). For more information about `index.refresh_interval` settings, see [Dynamic index-level index settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings/#dynamic-index-level-index-settings).
```

> After a shard goes idle, it will not refresh until the next search request or until a Refresh API request. The first search request on an idle shard will wait for the refresh operation to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a shard goes idle, the indexes will not refresh until either the next search request or refresh index API request is sent. The first search request on an idle shard will wait for the refresh operation to complete.
```

> - When not set, refreshes occur every second until the shard receives no search requests for at least the number set in the `index.search.idle.after` setting (in seconds). Default is 30 s. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When not set, refreshes occur every second until the shard receives no search requests for at least the amount of time specified by the `index.search.idle.after` setting (in seconds). Default is `30s`. 
```

> After a shard goes idle, the indexes will not refresh until either the next search request or a refresh index API request is sent. The first search request on an idle shard will wait for the refresh operation to complete. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After a shard becomes idle, the indexes will not refresh until either the next search request or a Refresh Index API request is sent. The first search request on an idle shard will wait for the refresh operation to complete. 
```

> After a shard goes idle, the indexes will not refresh until either the next search request or a refresh index API request is sent. The first search request on an idle shard will wait for the refresh operation to complete. 

Reviewer 3: "its" indexes will not refresh (instead of "the")?

> To use the refresh index API, you must have write access to the indexes you want to refresh.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To use the Refresh Index API, you must have write access to the indexes you want to refresh.
```

## Path and HTTP methods

```json
POST /_refresh
GET /_refresh
POST /<index>/_refresh
GET /<index>/_refresh
```

## Path parameters

The following table lists the available path parameters. All path parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `index` | String | A comma-separated list of wildcard expression of index names you want to refresh. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `index` | String | A comma-separated list of index names you want to refresh. Wildcards are accepted.|
```

> | `index` | String | A comma-separated list of index names you want to refresh. Wildcards are accepted.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `index` | String | A comma-separated list of index names to be refreshed. Wildcards are accepted.|
```

## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `ignore_unavailable` | Boolean | When `false`, the request returns an error when it targets a missing or closed index. Default is `false`.

> | `allow_no_indices` | Boolean | When `false`, the refresh index API returns an error when a wildcard expression, index alias, or `_all` targets only closed or missing indexes, even when the request is made against open indexes. Default is `true`. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `allow_no_indices` | Boolean | When `false`, the Refresh Index API returns an error when a wildcard expression, index alias, or `_all` targets only closed or missing indexes, even when the request is made against open indexes. Default is `true`. |
```

| `expand_wildcard` | String | The type of index that the wildcard patterns can match. If the request targets data streams, this argument determines whether the wildcard expressions match any hidden data streams. Supports comma-separated values, such as `open,hidden`. Valid values are: `all`, `open`, `closed`, `hidden`, and `none`.

> ## Example: Refresh several data streams or indexes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example: Refresh several data streams or indexes
```

Author: One thing that's always bothered me about the template is I never understood why examples have to be an H4. I would prefer the examples to be accessible in the side TOC. I'll change it since that's how its been so far, just flagging it for later.

> | `expand_wildcard` | String | The type of index that the wildcard patterns can match. If the request targets data streams, this argument determines whether the wildcard expressions match any hidden data streams. Supports comma-separated values, such as `open,hidden`. Valid values are: `all`, `open`, `closed`, `hidden`, and `none`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `expand_wildcard` | String | The type of index that the wildcard patterns can match. If the request targets data streams, this argument determines whether the wildcard expressions match any hidden data streams. Supports comma-separated values, such as `open,hidden`. Valid values are `all`, `open`, `closed`, `hidden`, and `none`.
```

The following example request refreshes two indexes named `my-index-A` and `my-index-B`.

```
POST /my-index-A,my-index-B/_refresh
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> ## Example: Refresh all data streams or indexes in a cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example: Refresh all data streams or indexes in a cluster
```

> The following example request refreshes two indexes named `my-index-A` and `my-index-B`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example request refreshes two indexes named `my-index-A` and `my-index-B`:
```

> #### Example: Refresh all data streams or indexes in a cluster

Author: ```suggestion
#### Example: Refresh all data streams and indexes in a cluster
```

> The following request refreshes all data streams and indexes in the cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following request refreshes all data streams and indexes in a cluster:
```
